CEXT-6029: Add uninstallation flow on app unassociation (#369)
adobe/aio-commerce-sdk: .changeset/swift-owls-fly.md

---
"@adobe/aio-commerce-lib-events": minor
---

> Add delete operations for events cleanup during uninstallation.

Reviewer: Same point as above, this Changeset description is tied to concepts of App Management, which this library is independent of. I'd suggest (keeping the individual new operation descriptions):
```suggestion
Add delete operations for both the I/O Events and Commerce Eventing APIs.
```
